[cxx-interop] Document support SWIFT_COPYABLE_IF (#1415)
apple/swift-org-website: documentation/cxx-interop/index.md

constructor, it is still possible to make it non-copyable in Swift by annotating
it with a `SWIFT_NONCOPYABLE` macro.

For example, this `FileDescriptor` has an implicit copy constructor. Annotating it with `SWIFT_NONCOPYABLE`
makes Swift import it as `~Copyable`, while leaving the type copyable in C++.

```c++
struct SWIFT_NONCOPYABLE FileDescriptor {
  FileDescriptor(const char *path);
  ~FileDescriptor();
};
```

> For class templates, we may need more control over how each specialization behaves. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For class templates, you may need more control over how each specialization behaves. 
```

Reviewer: Or better yet:

```suggestion
Class templates may need more control over how copyability is determined for each specialization.
```

Consider this `ResourceWrapper`, which provides a copy constructor
that copies its underlying resource:

```c++

> template <class T>

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
template <typename T>
```

Author: Thanks!

struct ResourceWrapper {
  T resource;
  ResourceWrapper(const ResourceWrapper &other) : resource(other.resource) {}
  ResourceWrapper(ResourceWrapper &&other) = default;
};
```

By default, Swift imports every specialization of `ResourceWrapper`
as `Copyable`, since it has a copy constructor.
Applying `SWIFT_NONCOPYABLE` has the opposite effect: every specialization gets
imported as `~Copyable`.

Alternatively, there are two ways to make `ResourceWrapper`'s copyability
depend on the template arguments.

**1. Constrain the copy constructor with a [`requires` clause](https://en.cppreference.com/cpp/language/requires) (since C++20).** 

> This is the idiomatic C++ approach and is preferred when available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the idiomatic C++ approach and is preferred when concepts are available. 
```

Instantiations of `ResourceWrapper` where `std::is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is true will be imported as `Copyable`, and as `~Copyable` otherwise:

```c++

> template <class T>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template <typename T>
```

struct ResourceWrapper {
  T resource;
  ResourceWrapper(const ResourceWrapper &other) requires std::is_copy_constructible_v<T>
    : resource(other.resource) {}
  ResourceWrapper(ResourceWrapper &&other) = default;
};
```

**2. Annotate the template with `SWIFT_COPYABLE_IF`.** 
When `requires` is not an option, you can annotate the template 
with `SWIFT_COPYABLE_IF` and list the template parameters that 
determine copyability. 
The specialization is imported as `Copyable` only when every listed parameter is
itself imported as `Copyable`:

```c++

> template <class T>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template <typename T>
```

struct SWIFT_COPYABLE_IF(T) ResourceWrapper {
  T resource;
  ResourceWrapper(const ResourceWrapper &other) : resource(other.resource) {}
  ResourceWrapper(ResourceWrapper &&other) = default;
};
```

> For multiple parameters, list each one that participates, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For multiple parameters, list each one that participates. For example:
```

`SWIFT_COPYABLE_IF(T1, T2)`.

All of the above describes how Swift imports a C++ type as a value type. 
Some C++ types, however, are always passed around using a pointer 

> or a reference in C++.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or a reference.
```

redundant

```c++
struct SWIFT_NONCOPYABLE FileDescriptor {
  FileDescriptor(const char *path);
  ~FileDescriptor();
};
```

For class templates, we may need more control over how each specialization behaves. 
Consider this `ResourceWrapper`, which provides a copy constructor
that copies its underlying resource:

```c++
template <class T>
struct ResourceWrapper {
  T resource;
  ResourceWrapper(const ResourceWrapper &other) : resource(other.resource) {}
  ResourceWrapper(ResourceWrapper &&other) = default;
};
```

By default, Swift imports every specialization of `ResourceWrapper`
as `Copyable`, since it has a copy constructor.
Applying `SWIFT_NONCOPYABLE` has the opposite effect: every specialization gets
imported as `~Copyable`.

Alternatively, there are two ways to make `ResourceWrapper`'s copyability
depend on the template arguments.

**1. Constrain the copy constructor with a `requires` clause (C++20).** 
This is the idiomatic C++ approach and is preferred when available. 
The copy constructor only participates in overload resolution when `T` is itself
copy-constructible, so specializations of `ResourceWrapper` where this fails are 

> imported as `~Copyable`:

Reviewer 3: I think we can rephrase this to make it easier to understand to someone who is not a compiler expert. E.g. something like: the type would be as `Copyable` in Swift whenever `std::is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is true, and `~Copyable` otherwise.

Author: Yeap, I agree. Thanks!
